oh good for you
what was the nature of your relationship
relationship
you can't afford to help me understand
Henrietta told me your trick I know you
were there when clay was injured is he
the reason Bill wanted to hurt you I bet
you've got a lot of questions what did
you do
shouldn't you be asking yourself that
[Music]
you all right here I should be afraid of
me
[Music]
we can't help her downtown we'll figure
it out right
someone out there know something and I'm
not gonna stop until the truth comes out
who else knows what you can do no one
the people I work for want what you have
you all have our own place or person
moment of pain
or danger
we all make sacrifices
you want control
you have to take control
[Music]
only a matter of time before they come
through
you